The bird that falls from the nest flies without fear
Fight where no one sees, so no one will see you embarrassing yourself
The most dangerous moment for a man is when he is hurt, because he goes to social media to post a meme of the Joker and disappears
You should drink more than an Opala engine if you want to forget the pain
There he is.
Stop making AI art and go pay a real artist.
I have nothing to say. Ask the magic shell, that idiot.
Yes.
No.
Hey bro, are you?
If you come out of the closet, things will get better. Everyone already knows about you.
Saddam Hussein.
Get out of LoL.
Hmmmmmm uranium.
You should eat glass.
A river is never the same, just like life, it is always flowing.
Time waits for no one, we will all have the same end, so make the most of your day.
Have you heard of the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV? With an expanded free trial which you can play through the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award-winning Heavensward, and thrilling Stormblood expansions up to level 70 for free with no restrictions on playtime.
Persona!
Do I look like someone who knows?
I don't know, I don't want to know, and I hate those who do.
MY FRIEND, LUCK? TODAY YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE THE WORST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. YOUR THINGS WILL BREAK, THEY'LL CHARGE YOU AT WORK OR SCHOOL, AND YOU'LL LOSE ALL THE MONEY YOU HAVE.
I'm going to steal your lunch mix from the company fridge
You can use your VR to order ice cream from Bacio Di Latte. Trust me. Having a meal voucher is asking for obesity
A bird that falls from the nest flies without fear
Fight where no one sees, so no one will see you embarrassing yourself
A man's most dangerous moment is when he's hurt, because he'll go to social media to post a joker meme and disappear
You should drink more than an opal engine if you want to forget the pain
There he is.
Stop making AI art and go pay a real artist.
I have nothing to say. Ask the magic shell, that idiot.
Yes.
No.
Hey bro, are you?
If you come out of the closet, things will get better. Everyone already knows about you.
Saddam Hussein.
Get out of LoL.
Hmmmmmm uranium.
You should eat glass.
A river is never the same, just like life, it's always flowing.
Time waits for no one, we'll all have the same end, so make the most of your day.
Have you heard of the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV? With an expanded free trial which you can play through the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award-winning Heavensward, and thrilling Stormblood expansions up to level 70 for free with no restrictions on playtime.
Persona!
Do I look like someone who knows?
I don't know, I don't want to know, and I hate those who do.
MY FRIEND, LUCK? TODAY YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE THE WORST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. YOUR THINGS WILL BREAK, THEY'LL CHARGE YOU AT WORK OR AT SCHOOL, AND YOU'LL LOSE ALL THE MONEY YOU HAVE.
I'm going to steal your lunch mix from the company fridge
You can use your VR to order ice cream from Bacio Di Latte. Trust me. Having a meal voucher is asking for obesity
I'm going to stuff so much kibbeh up my ass that I'll fly out the apartment window like Aladdin
The destiny of every asshole is to find a shameless guy in life
Elu/Delu? My pronouns are AC/DC, I'm EH DU ROCK BLEMLEMELEMELMELEM
My pronouns are not/interests you. Don't talk to me, damn it.
Today is the day for you to take eno. Eno eno eno, I fucked the ass of whoever's reading this.
Today you're going to find out if your friend is.
I already told you to stop talking to me, I'm gothic.
I know who the Rock fans are.
I don't talk to people who aren't into rock.
They only have morals IF THEY'RE INTO ROCK.
Roses are red, violets are blue, those who aren't into rock can go fuck themselves.
Maybe the pinnacle of humanity is not having reached the moon, or reached the peak of Everest, but having invented the cheese-cap or the corner podrão.
Listen, feel, think.
Go ahead, look to the side.
Do I look like a magic shell now?
Buddy, this embarrassment there, do you want to pay on credit in 12x or debit?
Being normal is an invention of the government to sell sertraline
Sometimes three Ice is dinner
Thomas turbo: where your engine finds maximum power!
The fingers don't always follow the head
Sometimes it doesn't hurt to let the other head think
Life is a panty stuck in the ass
Ratio + I fucked your mother
Soft water and hard dick, so much hits until ass
It's not because I'm hot that I hit my ass on the drum
Sometimes it's better to take it in the back than to take it in the face
Please don't put your sword in strange places
Automatic breathing turned off. Breathe in the manual, you idiot.
You'll have premature baldness
Pro tip: Covid that causes holes in the body is usually found in Rio de Janeiro.
It doesn't matter how strong a sword is if the one who wields it can't handle it.
Whiskey, cigarettes, bars, and cuckold pain.
He'll come back, friend, trust me. (Don't trust me, you fucked up, mate.)
You'll cry so much that you'll have no sister.
Love me for all my flaws (I just stole your car).
Life is like a sewer, full of shit.
Life is like a mango, when it falls from the tree you get run over
Buy at @dragonshore
You took an expired dipyrone 20 years ago, and now you're going to die a slow death.
You didn't spend New Year's Eve at Praia Grande, but at least you don't have a virus and are shitting water
A dictionary fell on your head and you have all the knowledge in the world, cheers!
Kisses, beautiful, may your day be radiant, okay? May you find money on the street for over 50 and may your boyfriend be getting less annoying every day, bye
Your day will be like a Chevette, with the right to brake in your underwear and lots of gas
You slipped on the papaya and lost the right to vote in 2030
In the end, what's important is what matters.
There are things that money can't buy. For all the others, there's a scam. Take off your coat, put on your coat, in the end you'll be cold and I'll pass it on your mother
The impossible is just a matter of skateboarding and only skateboards know that
You'll find a wardrobe in downtown São Paulo and from there a gang of big rats will come out wanting to steal your money
I'll even pay for an Uber for you to disappear from my sight
You run away from knowledge like Mekhy runs away from CAPS
You have talent in your blood, all you need to do is move around
A clown will want you to go into the tent with him to help him mess up his hair, be careful
A fart can be as strong as an atomic bomb
Try like you've never tried, fail like you always do
You're not "musky wusky uwu" you're smelly, go take a shower